Docs/readthedocsupdate (#89)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/dev/code_review.md

Comments should addressed and resolved before merging the code. 

If you do step 2 and look at the comments in `files changed` view you can address multiple comments in one batch. 

### Batch Committing of Suggestions 

First look for all the suggestion comments and if you agree then add to `batch suggestions`, once you have gone through all them 
then at the top in the middle there is `commit suggestions` and this commit all the suggestions for you. 

### Responding to Comments 

If you don't agree with a suggestion try to find a compromise or acknowledge their effort and explain why you prefer your style.
Remember to hit `Start a review` to prevent multiple email notifications. 

If you made the change requested, then select `resolve conflict` so they know you addressed their comment.

If you are answering a question or responding to some feedback, remember to acknowledge their time and effort, then address it in collaborative manner. 
Remember to hit `Start a review` to prevent multiple email notifications. 

Once all comments are addressed then follow steps 9-10 in the `How to start a Code Review` section. 

> ## What If You Cannot Comment the Line?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What If You Cannot Comment on a Specific Line of Code?
```

> If you cannot comment a line that was not changed in the PR but affects the overall scope of the PR the leave a comment in the conversation box. If you want to highlight the line(s) you are referencing, open another tab of the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot comment on a line of code that was not changed in the PR but affects the overall scope of the PR then leave a comment in the conversation box. If you want to highlight the line(s) you are referencing, open another tab of the repository:
```

> If you cannot comment a line that was not changed in the PR but affects the overall scope of the PR the leave a comment in the conversation box. If you want to highlight the line(s) you are referencing two, open another tab of the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot comment a line that was not changed in the PR but affects the overall scope of the PR the leave a comment in the conversation box. If you want to highlight the line(s) you are referencing, open another tab of the repository:
```

1. Go to the code by clicking on the directories in main body of the GitHub repo page. If its specific to a branch make sure to switch branches at the top left corner. 
2. Click the file you are look at, then go to the line you want to reference
3. Click on the line (hold shift and click on the last line to select multiple)
4. Click on the `...` box that appeared left to the line number 
5. Select *copy permalink*

If this line is not within scope of the PR then select *Reference in new issue* to create an issue around the problem. 

> If you are find multiple issues in your review unable to be in a code review then use [GitHub's checklist](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-task-lists) syntax to make a list for the developer to know what to focus on and keep track what they have fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find multiple issues in your review that are unable to be in a code review, use [GitHub's checklist](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-task-lists) syntax to make a list for the developer to keep track of the issues to fix. 
```
